[THEME MUSIC]
>>LINDA BACKMAN: IP souls come
from so many different types
of cultures, that
some are not exactly
mother, God, and apple pie.
I always think about
the client I have
who comes from a place
where they don't grow up.
They are childlike in the
healthiest way permanently.
Interplanetary souls, often
have trouble with relationships
because they may
come from a place
where there is no such thing.
The soul that comes to my
mind is Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Oh, interesting.
>>BACKMAN: So that's the way
more experienced souls function
that speaks to why we're
seeing more and more IPs
on the autistic spectrum
because the Manu, who
are very, very, very wise,
they're experimenting.
Approximately 5% of
the human population
are either Earth-based,
interplanetary,
or angelic realm.
>>REGINA: But there are 95% of
the others that live on Earth.
Who are they?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Dr. Linda Backman was a
practicing psychologist
when she began noticing
clients speak of past lives.
Curious, she began studying
with Michael Newton, whom
she became a co-teacher with
in the practice of past life
regression.
As time went on, she
noticed something else.
Some of those past
lives were not on Earth.
She details this discovery
and its implications
in her book, "Souls on Earth."
Linda, welcome.
It's the first time you've
been with me on Open Minds.
>>BACKMAN: Thank you.
It's a pleasure to be here.
>>REGINA: Now, we've had
other dealings with each other
and gotten to know
each other a bit
and had some absolutely
fascinating discussions.
And what we're going
to talk about today
is an introduction to
you, to our audience,
because we're going to be
having you back, of course,
because you do so many cases,
that this story is constantly
progressing.
So let's talk about that--
or just briefly just
touch on how you started, as
a pretty straight psychologist
there to help people, suddenly
hearing about some pretty
far-off places.
And was there a certain amount
of disbelief in the beginning?
How did that work for you?
And what brought you
into the comfort zone
of saying, yeah, this is real?
>>BACKMAN: So,
actually Regina, when
I fell into this kind
of work, primarily,
it didn't come from clients.
It came from the passing of a
very dear colleague who died.
Yes, I was rather conventional.
He died, and he began to talk
to me from the other side
and show me scenes
of past lives.
In the beginning, I thought
that was extremely unusual
and kind of strange.
>>REGINA: So you weren't
all on-board with it?
That took a while.
So now when did it
start showing up?
When did you start
recognizing that what
your clients were telling
you was not of this Earth?
>>BACKMAN: I began to recognize
that, actually initially, tied
to my own spouse, to my
husband, because when
I started having
these experiences tied
to the passing of my
colleague, I asked my husband
what he thought about that.
My husband also was conventional
and a university professor.
And he said to me,
oh, now I remember--
my husband said that-- when
he was about 10 years old,
he remembered his own
past lives in detail.
He'd completely
forgotten about that.
That was actually the
beginning credibility for me.
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
you trusted your husband.
You knew he wasn't nuts.
And he wasn't trying to
put on a show for you.
So now it starts coming
from your clients.
And I was regressed by
Dolores Cannon years ago.
And I know that when
she was working with me,
we were getting to a
pretty critical point
in the regression, and
there was a lack of clarity.
And so let's talk about
that from your experience
as a regressionist.
When someone's
bringing up something
that's not in the
normal wheelhouse,
how do you know where
they are, and then
to continue guiding them
until they can really
hit the spot that
they are, and you're
in rapport with each other?
>>BACKMAN: I think
there's probably
two or three answers to that.
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>BACKMAN: One is that the
regression therapist has
to be tapped into
their own intuition
as they're working
with the client,
and to be just getting a sense
of this, almost just a feeling.
This feels right.
This doesn't feel right.
So that's one piece.
The other piece would be, I have
to say, years of experience.
As I kept learning, oh,
I've heard this from 2 or 3
or 4 or 10 other clients,
oh, it must not be made up.
Or oh, this color and this
experience in the higher realm
is something I've
already heard before.
But those clients didn't
talk to each other.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BACKMAN: So it's
years of fitting
together, client to
client to client.
>>REGINA: And so this
is-- before we get
into the basis of this topic.
One of the things I wonder about
is the human fascination with
the kind of Disney
tales, a "Disney-esque"
life where animals speak to
you, where the flowers are
beautiful, where you have
true love that lasts forever--
is that unusual for IP
clients to come in with?
And we'll talk-- and we're
talking about the people
that find out they have had
lives and started elsewhere,
called interplanetary.
You call them-- your
guide said, just give them
the term, IP, Interplanetary.
So that's what
we're talking about.
How do they relate to the
whole notion of beauty and ease
and grace and true
love, in general,
compared to Earth-based people?
>>BACKMAN: I would say that
Earth-based people have almost
more of that Pollyanna view.
>>REGINA: Really?
Interesting.
>>BACKMAN: Well, I mean,
we have Western religion.
So not to put down
religion, necessarily,
but Western religion,
in many ways, teaches us
a Pollyanna view which,
in my humble opinion,
is a bit inaccurate.
So the uniqueness of IP
souls, Interplanetary souls--
and for people listening,
we could call them ETs.
We could call them star seeds.
>>REGINA: Interdimensionals.
It's the whole bag.
>>BACKMAN: It's all
the same terminology.
IP souls come from so many
different types of cultures,
that some are not exactly
what we might say,
mother, God, and apple
pie, but some of them
come from pure
locations of nature,
pure locations of forgiveness.
But others come from locations
where they're warrior souls.
They're not necessarily
these happy-go-lucky--
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>BACKMAN: --perspective.
>>REGINA: Right.
It's all over in every ET class,
every interdimensional class,
different dimensions.
So you were just doing that,
and that was titillating me,
so I know it'll titillate
the audience too.
And you said, pure nature
class, for example.
Can you give us a few more
on each end of the spectrum
of the dominant themes from some
of the places people come from?
You just mentioned, there
are some who are really
totally related to nature.
Some are relating
to war and warriors,
just kind of some
generalizations
like that so people can kind of
feel themselves in the story.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And I hope people will think
about how different we are,
person to person to person.
So if we think about that,
think about personality
from the perspective of,
there are some very loving,
compassionate people, and that
is their persona, honestly,
almost 24/7.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>BACKMAN: But there
are people that
are completely the opposite.
Well, the same is true for,
what I like to call, home base.
So I know that interplanetary
souls have a home base.
So one home base might
be a home base that has--
where there's been
experience with that,
just for the sake of
example, let's say
that home base is a planet.
That might be a planet
where the beings that
come from that planet are in
charge of mitigating issues
with another location.
So there are battles.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BACKMAN: Disagreements--
we could call them wars.
>>REGINA: Mediator
races, and so forth.
>>BACKMAN: But on
the other hand,
the opposite end of the
spectrum, as you mentioned,
is there too.
I always think about
the client I have
who comes from a place
where they don't grow up.
They are childlike in the
healthiest way, permanently.
And then these
people come to Earth
and have to function
in human culture.
>>REGINA: How is that
working out for this person?
>>BACKMAN: Difficult.
Well, when I
say difficult, difficult from
a physiological standpoint,
difficult from almost an
attitudinal standpoint.
The one person
I'm thinking about
is a highly educated
medical doctor
who does in-depth
research on issues
related to the
gastrointestinal tract
because she has these issues.
And so she's highly educated,
she's highly motivated,
she's highly
trusted in her work.
But when she's at
home by herself,
she gets to be who she is.
>>REGINA: And how is she?
Who is she?
>>BACKMAN: Well, I mean--
>>REGINA: She's like a child.
>>BACKMAN: She's
like a child in--
when we say that, I want
people to think about children
in the healthiest way.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Magical, fun,
creative, they like sugar,
a lot of sugar.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
They truly-- they like sugar.
They like toys.
They like, literally,
stuffed animals.
But they're not child
in a dysfunctional way.
>>REGINA: It's interesting.
I have a male friend like
that, a British male friend.
His place-- and I was going
to ask you about this.
Are there domains where
art and creativity
are the dominant
theme, that you've
seen among your
clients, where it's just
color and brightness and
creativity, light, art, music?
>>BACKMAN: I mean, that brings
up a really wonderful point,
and that is that we have
to think about energy.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: And so,
energy is color.
Outside of Earth, when
we think about frequency,
frequency meaning level of
evolution of the energy,
then that connotes color.
So what people
don't understand is
if we think about the
colors of the rainbow,
those are an
increasing frequency.
So often, when I
regress a client who's
an interplanetary
soul, and they go home,
they're often in pure
and energetic color.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Interesting, yet the
person I'm thinking of,
his favorite color is orange,
wears a lot of orange,
and spends his days painting
wonderful-- it's not abstract.
But it's the most
vital colorful art
that just captures the essence
of people, places, animals.
And his room is full
of stuffed animals.
And he's just a little kid.
He's never been
married, you know?
And it won't ever be married,
doesn't really get any of that.
Never had a really
long-term relationship.
You know?
>>BACKMAN: And
again, it's beautiful
because as you bring things
up, then so many experiences
with clients pop into my mind.
One would be that home
base, if it is pure energy,
it may be a pure
color of an energy.
And so that the energy
is used with purpose,
and that's the
reason for the color.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: But then
also, Regina, you
bring up relationships.
Interplanetary souls often have
trouble with relationships,
often the greatest trouble
with romantic relationships
because they may
come from a place
where there is no
such thing, that there
isn't spouses or marriage
or that kind of thing.
And so it's always
important for humans
to try not to kind
of lay a template--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>BACKMAN: --over humans.
Like, oh, this is how
all humans should be.
>>REGINA: This is how we do it.
Right.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Well, we can see by
the sheer divorce rate, no less
the occasional murder,
that obviously, it
doesn't work for everybody.
And we'll get into
that in the nature
of what kind of combinations
work well together.
So let's talk about
the notion that--
let's talk about
the three types.
You just mentioned Earth-based.
We've mentioned interplanetary.
So speak a little bit more
about Earth-based souls,
which you are, you
and your husband
are Earth-based souls,
ancient, been around forever,
from previous
conversations, right?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
So to define an
Earth-based soul--
and I always say to people,
be careful about that term
because people think
I'm saying Earth-bound,
and that connotes
something else.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: Sometimes
connotes, supposedly,
a stuck soul, which would be
a whole other conversation.
Earth-based souls
simply means, a soul
that came from somewhere else,
probably tens of thousands
of years ago, came to
Earth, and then stayed.
And I don't mean stayed
and had one life,
but stayed and continued
to incarnate here almost--
underscore almost-- exclusively.
That's an Earth-based soul.
Interplanetary soul,
we've talked about.
An interplanetary
soul is, basically,
not designed to come to Earth.
But interplanetary souls
come to Earth for one--
I can almost make this
totally black and white--
one reason.
And that's to
bring their wisdom,
their advanced perspective
to Earth because we need it,
because humanity needs it.
Then lastly, and this is not
the kind of in-depth discussion
we're having, but angelic
souls are the third type.
And those are souls
that specifically
come from the angelic
realm that serves
the divine or higher frequency
that seeks to guide Earth,
basically.
>>REGINA: And as
we've talked before,
this is through a type of loving
kindness that is just really
almost--
it's endemic to who they are.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
They are love and
compassion souls.
And yet, what's tricky--
and this is where it's
hard to tweak apart--
is that we have a
soul energy, or we
have a soul
archetype, all of us,
and we have a
personality archetype.
>>REGINA: Two different things.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And so if I come
upon an angelic soul,
they may be leading with
their love and kindness soul
archetype.
Or they may be leading with
their personality archetype,
which, to some extent,
overshadows their love
and compassion.
>>REGINA: Well, and
it seems like they
would be uber sensitive.
So to be thrown off and have
your personality affected
by being so deeply wounded and
traumatized by walking around
the surface of Earth, it seems
like they'd be particularly
vulnerable to that.
>>BACKMAN: They are.
Yes, is the simple answer.
They are very vulnerable
to human behavior,
as we all well know, that is not
loving kindness and compassion,
in fact.
It's often anything but that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And so they're going to
have a unique set of issues
that are going to come through
in the physical, as well.
And so we're going
to talk about that.
So let's talk about, first
of all, since there--
there are fewer numbers,
as I understand,
of the angelic realm incarnate?
Or are they just newer
to the process than IPs
and Earth-based?
>>BACKMAN: My
understanding about numbers
is that approximately 5%
of the human population
are either Earth-based,
interplanetary,
or angelic realm.
And then-- and I've
asked clients this time
and time again.
So I'm looking for, where is
the overlap in the information
that I receive.
So 5% of the human
population are
what we might call experienced
souls, EB, IP, and AR,
if we can put it that way.
Split that in half, 2.5%
of that 5% are Earth-based.
The other 2.5% has to
be split in half again.
1 and 1/4 IP, 1 and 1/4
angelic realm, approximately.
>>REGINA: But there are 95% of
the others that live on Earth.
Who are they?
>>BACKMAN: They are
souls of about--
I like to put it on a
scale to make it simple,
so a 10-point scale.
They are souls at a level of
evolution, probably between a 4
and a 6.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>BACKMAN: Of advancement.
Doesn't mean there's
anything wrong with them.
>>REGINA: It's all learning.
It's like you're
in kindergarten,
then you're in second grade.
>>BACKMAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: And then
you graduate, you
get your postgraduate
degree down the road.
It's just a lot of work
and a lot of experience.
There is no hierarchy in that.
>>BACKMAN: That's correct.
>>REGINA: It's just
about learning.
And I do want to say--
because you touched
on it earlier,
and it's important to note.
Nobody-- well, except
for maybe someone
who's been in severe trauma,
we're not Earth-bound as souls.
We can move on to
other dimensions.
I mean, we can move
on to other realms.
Between incarnations, we don't
have to make the decision
to come back here.
We can go elsewhere.
So we're not stuck,
per se, right?
>>BACKMAN: Complicated answer.
First of all, I want to
be sure people understand
that when we're in body,
whether it's Regina or Linda,
we have a slice of
our soul that causes--
you have a slice of your soul
that causes you to be alive.
And I am the same.
The remainder of our
soul is our higher self.
So our higher self is our, you
could call it our divine self.
When we finish an
incarnation and we
get ready to consider
incarnating again,
we have a conference
with our guides.
And then we decide what's
going to happen next.
If you're an Earth-based
soul, you're more than likely
going to come back to Earth.
If you're an IP soul--
>>REGINA: Maybe not.
>>BACKMAN: That's so funny.
I want to say it's up for grabs.
>>REGINA: It's up for grabs.
Well, it makes sense.
I mean, depending on
the degree of difficulty
in being here in a
body, you might say,
I need to take a
break for a while,
go to something a little more
comfortable, a little less
challenging, and then
I'll head on back.
It could be that kind of
thing too, just a rest.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And I think the
tricky part is, even
in you and me having this
conversation, we only have
our human brain to utilize.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BACKMAN: So I think we
can easily, you might say,
anthropomorphize-- to use
a big, long, fancy word--
we humanize that
perspective, oftentimes,
for souls that are like,
let's just say a 7 and above.
When we go back, when
we finish a life--
I can give a recent example
that I know a little bit
about in a moment.
But when we go back, then the
needs of humanity and the needs
of--
I mean, we're on Earth-- so
the needs of humanity are huge.
They're huge.
>>REGINA: And a
soul will generally
re-up if that has been
their mission by design.
I do get that.
But it's interesting
because so many people
that I talked to-- and now
this audience is different.
You're going to be talking
to a lot of IP souls
in this audience, a lot of
EBs, a lot of angelic types
because they're gathering
here and attracted
to this message for a reason.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
Of course.
>>REGINA: So we
already know that.
It's a higher
percentage of that.
But even among
these lovely beings,
I hear so many
people say, I'm done.
I am never coming back.
Now I get this is
personality speaking.
But when it gets to super
challenging times like this,
historically, what
have you noticed
in some of your clients?
>>BACKMAN: Well, I
hear that a lot myself.
It's like, I'm
never coming back.
Or what I hear so
often is, I just
know this is last lifetime.
>>REGINA: I hear
that all the time.
And I think, probably not.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And the comment I so often
make, along with probably
not because I totally agree with
that, the other comment I often
make is that people don't stop
and think about, or understand,
that their soul is working
in the higher realm--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>BACKMAN: --right now.
So we think, oh well, I'm done.
I'm going to go back to
wherever I came from,
and I'm going to eat pizza
and drink beer all afternoon
or whatever.
It doesn't work that way.
>>REGINA: No, it does
not work that way.
But just wanted to
put it out there.
No one's trapped, but be
patient because your other more
elevated half
understands, it's OK.
You're OK.
You're just not happy
with what you're dealing
with on the ground right now.
And yes, you have a
choice, if you really
wanted to, as a soul.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: To go elsewhere.
>>BACKMAN: The soul that comes
to my mind as we're talking--
and I actually know this
is an Earth-based soul--
is the soul of Ruth
Bader Ginsburg.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>BACKMAN: So she's
a great example.
She is not an IP soul, to
the best of my understanding.
But think about
Ruth Bader Ginsburg
and how she fought
through illness
and did not retire, didn't
leave the Supreme Court,
and basically, died because
her body just gave up on her.
So that's the way more
experienced souls function.
She's a perfect example of that.
And if she were an
IP, I don't know
that it would be
dramatically different.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Perfect example.
Thank you.
Purpose matters.
Purpose and dedication
to what's happening
with the human species in our
evolution and development, all
of us, wherever we're from--
>>BACKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: --is of
tantamount importance.
So now let's get into
some of the challenges
that you notice because there's
a reason people watching
this are watching right now.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: Let's first talk
about Earth-based souls
and how they deal
with incarnating here,
because they've been here a lot.
And so, are there any particular
challenges, in general,
for Earth-based souls?
>>BACKMAN: Well, yes.
That's easy for me
to answer because I'm
an Earth-based soul.
So Earth-based souls that--
and it's always easy.
I always hate to pigeonhole
this with numbers.
But Earth-based souls
that are sevens and above,
or eights and
above, will usually
be very sensitive to
energy, whether that's
natural disaster, whether
it's a huge crowd of people
with a lot of unhealthy energy.
And they may have
difficulty, as do I at times.
Earth-based souls
sometimes have to be
somewhat cautious about diet.
It's still very different.
I know we'll talk
about IPs in a moment.
So, advanced Earth-based
souls don't just live, day in
and day out with no challenges,
no, what we might call mind,
body, spirit issues.
It still doesn't
look like an IP soul.
I mean, I know for
myself, when something's
going on on the planet,
I will be very affected.
I'll either have more
anxiety during the day
than I normally would have.
I'll have a more challenging
night of sleep than I might.
So that does exist.
>>REGINA: So energy
at large, and locale,
and in general, whether it's
a personal energetic field
or whether it's something
at large, Earth-based souls
tend to really
tap into energies.
OK, now let's talk about--
which can be destabilizing
or it can feed you.
Let's talk about IP souls
now, which as we already said,
are a mixed bag.
They're the Cantina band.
They're from everywhere.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And that's what
makes them so unique,
unique in terms of gifts.
So I know we're not
talking about gifts,
but the gifts of IPs are broad.
And so that's
>>REGINA: From-- No.
Please talk about the gifts.
We don't just have to
speak of challenges.
>>BACKMAN: Well, the gifts,
of course, are important.
So the gifts are
anything from music
to art to politics to
organic gardening to--
I want people to think
about IP souls gifts
as not necessarily what they
might label as extraordinary,
except they might be an
extraordinary parent.
They might be an extraordinary
neighbor, whatever.
So it's always
important-- because I
find, humans, it's
like, well, what have
I accomplished with my life?
Well, if you've been
a wonderful neighbor
or you ran the
best trash disposal
service in your community,
that's extraordinary.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: It's very
important that we understand,
it doesn't have to
look like something
on the cover of a magazine
to be truly extraordinary.
We overlook these things.
People that show up
and do their lives
in a way that offers
some excellence,
and as you say, some wisdom
along with it, to me,
that's the ultimate beauty.
And it seems like it's becoming
a more rare kind of resource
anymore.
So many people seem
to show up and not
be doing what they're
supposed to be doing,
showing up in jobs,
half prepared,
or not caring anymore.
We're going to--
maybe you can comment
on that in a little bit.
But we seem to be going through
such a slippery time where
quality--
offering our quality
selves doesn't
seem to be coming forward as
much as it did in the past.
>>BACKMAN: I think that reflects
the problems in humanity.
>>REGINA: I agree.
>>BACKMAN: Is that we've
become so ego-based as to,
what kind of work do you do?
Or how much money do you make?
But I'm flashing in my
mind, just a quick example.
We've recently had
a major renovation
in the back of our house.
And my husband is a major
yard and gardening person.
>>REGINA: That's wonderful.
>>BACKMAN: He loves that,
and it's his therapy.
And so he found a man
who works for a yard
company that does
sprinkler systems and all
that kind of thing.
So this man arrives, and now
he's probably been to our yard
any number of times.
But this man arrives.
He's rather-- not big,
heavy, not that matters.
But he's a big,
broad-shouldered man.
And he's got earrings and
tattoos and all of that,
which is also perfectly fine.
He's the kindest, gentlest,
most nature-oriented person.
And so he came to repair a
sprinkler or two in our yard,
and he glanced over
at our lilac bushes
and he said to my husband--
and they've kind of
built this lovely rapport.
And he said, could I suggest
how you trim those lilac bushes?
And so now that my husband
has trimmed the lilac bushes,
they're doing a
whole lot better.
My guess is this
man was an IP soul.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: I don't know that
for a fact, obviously, but kind,
gentle, wise, and,
on the surface--
what we, as conventional people
might say, unusual looking.
>>REGINA: Yeah, unusual,
kind of a rough presence,
and he's just a sweetie pie.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you can't judge
that way, that's for sure.
I know a couple of
people in my life,
and they're just so
good at what they do.
And one that I just
ran into him recently,
he's a young man,
maybe 19-years-old,
working at a coffee shop, taking
orders, and making drinks.
He is, I would think,
an angelic type being.
That's the first thing I saw is
these shiny eyes and pale skin
and the kindest
disposition, just
in, how can I make that for you.
And just everything
about him was just
oozing light and kindness.
And I have such appreciation,
he made a beautiful drink,
perfectly.
Just little things
like that, someone
taking time to do something
well or even perfectly,
that is the greatest
joy right now on Earth,
just to witness this for me.
>>BACKMAN: I mean, I think
that as humans, sadly--
and I do this probably
as much as anybody--
we pigeonhole people.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BACKMAN: So it's
like, oh, why does
that person look so different?
Or oh, why are they
behaving quite like that?
And I'm a student of people.
That's why I do what I do.
And I mean, I could
sit in an airport
and watch people
for hours and hours.
I love that.
And my mind is, who
are they, where do they
come from, why are they here?
And I don't mean, do they
come from Iowa or France?
And understand them.
And just the way you're
describing this barista that
works in your coffee shop.
>>REGINA: And so, let's
go now to IP souls
and some of the
challenges they have.
We just talked about
the fact that they
bring a certain amount of
wisdom, and perhaps talent
to the table, that
can be utilized
on Earth in a variety of ways.
>>BACKMAN: Well, when you ask
that, Regina, it causes me to--
I like to kind of sit here
and think about two hats
that I wear.
And so, obviously, I wear
a hat as a psychologist,
and used to be conventional.
But I'm trained in abnormal
psychology and all of that.
And then I wear
this spiritual hat
where I understand
people and souls.
So I'm thinking about
a particular client.
This is a man--
when I first met him,
I think in his 20s.
Conventionally, and what we
would call-- fancy word again--
psychopathologically,
meaning abnormal psychology,
he probably would
have been labeled
on the borderline
of schizophrenia,
of something called
schizoid, which is
related to schizophrenia
because his difficulty
being out in public.
So I had to figure out-- to
make this a little bit shorter.
I had to figure out when I first
met him, OK, where does he fit?
And flipping back and forth with
my hats, way too articulate,
way too worldly
knowledgeable, didn't
have any, what I would
call, formal schizophrenic
characteristics.
IP soul-- hard to go out
in public, very, very wise,
reads three or four
digital newspapers a day,
not schizophrenic.
But he wanted to
become educated.
He wanted either to
become an attorney
or get an advanced degree.
He already had an
undergraduate degree.
Very tricky for him to
be out in the world.
So he's an example
of an IP soul.
He's one type of example
that struggles with energy.
Physiologically, which
I'll speak to in a second.
But he doesn't struggle a lot
with actual physical anomalies
or issues or problems,
but energy is--
and people's energy--
is really hard for him.
So that's one example.
Another example, though,
would be many clients
that I have that are IPs, where
their diet is very, very narrow
because there's almost nothing
they can eat that doesn't upset
their whole GI system.
>>REGINA: Would that be one of
the most common traits for IPs,
in terms of very obvious
challenges, once you peel back
the layers and, in a regression,
are chatting with them?
>>BACKMAN: When you
asked that, it's
like, OK, trying
to make it simple
and really give you an answer.
I would say the
traits would be either
physiological like allergies,
but serious allergies.
And let's couple that,
try to make it simple,
with autoimmune disorders.
>>REGINA: OK, yeah.
>>BACKMAN: And then the
other, basically, would
be the autistic spectrum, the
entire broad-based autistic
spectrum.
Often, those are IP souls.
So that's not--
I mean, you could say
the autistic spectrum
is physiological.
But it's really more
neurological in nature.
So, we have a lot
of fabulous children
that are, in my
opinion, misdiagnosed--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>BACKMAN: --as mom
took the wrong pill
when she was pregnant or the
wrong vaccine or whatever.
>>REGINA: OK,
that's interesting.
Suzy Miller-- do you know Suzy?
>>BACKMAN: I do.
>>REGINA: And I'm going to
be bringing her back here.
We haven't met in a few years.
But as she continues
to do her work,
we were talking privately
the other day, and she said,
I didn't talk about that
much in the early days.
But most of my clients,
they're not from here.
Most of these people, these
kids aren't from here.
And so let's talk about the fact
that we're seeing an increase,
now, in IP incarnations.
And this is through a lot
of different people's work.
I interview a lot of people.
This is picking up.
And I believe it's
for a good reason.
We need the help right now.
And as these souls mature
and bring with them
some specific knowledge,
technological, wisdom,
love, it's going to
start, over time,
inculcating that into society
and creating our next evolution
as humans.
But a lot of them
appear to be autistic.
And more and more
people that are born
are going to appear
to be autistic.
This is a big deal.
This is a big problem.
So how are we going to
begin approaching this?
And that's partly why I wanted
to talk to you on this show
today, for parents of people
with autistic kids to start--
really, let's look at this,
frame this in a new way.
What is the genius
that resides within?
And we know, we're
talking Asperger's
to lower functioning,
almost disabled autism
and different thing.
Let's talk about this.
What are we going to do?
>>BACKMAN: So if
we can, let's first
put this in maybe a slightly
broader frame, if you will.
Broader frame, as
I understand it--
and this is coming almost faster
and more furiously through
my clients--
there is a guiding
force that I have
been taught to call the Manu.
This is a group soul
of advanced souls
that have never been
incarnate on Earth,
that are charged with doing
what they can to guide humanity.
And so, again, these are IPs.
I mean, they've been around--
I can't even-- if you
said, how old are they?
>>REGINA: We won't go there
because time is irrelevant.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So, they-- the Manu--
people can use any
term they want.
They could call it
the source, call it
what they want to call it.
They are constantly, you
might say brainstorming,
what can we do to help Earth?
And so that speaks to-- the
reason I'm saying that is,
that speaks to why
we're seeing more--
we're only talking about one
area of challenge for IP souls.
But that speaks to
why we're seeing
more and more IPs on
the autistic spectrum
because the Manu
doesn't know how
to solve humanity's problems.
The Manu, who are
very, very, very wise,
they're experimenting.
And so they're bringing more--
one means of trying
to help Earth.
They're bringing more
IP souls to Earth.
>>REGINA: Recruiting
more IP souls.
And so how does this work now?
You have more and more of
these beings that really
struggle with being in a body.
And now, you have
parents that don't
understand what's going on.
And they're being taken to
allopathic, you know, MDs.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: And they're
being drugged.
And that's why I'm
saying, this is
going to be a bigger problem in
the future than it is even now.
So how do-- let's say, we have
some parents listening to this.
>>BACKMAN: I'm trying to decide
whether to bring this up,
and I will.
So my husband and I have
children and grandchildren.
One of our grandchildren
spent some years
going to a beautiful school--
I'll just say in the Bay Area--
for children with, what we call
today, learning difficulties.
That's the current PC lingo.
The children at this school
are fantastic children.
I spent many times going
to grandparents day
and meeting these children.
And so that's one way
this is being dealt with,
many of these children,
including our own grandson,
because of the focus
of this school,
they helped these
children learn how to--
use the word focus again--
focus on their work
because there's a lot of ADHD.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: So, as
humans, we have
to keep broadening
schools for children.
>>REGINA: This is huge.
Big bug of mine is education has
to be completely reformed now
to accommodate where
we're going as a species,
and these new humans coming in.
>>BACKMAN: Well, yes.
And sadly, I mean, you
and I, and probably
most of the listeners, are
not the norm in our culture.
>>REGINA: Yep.
>>BACKMAN: So we belong to a
certain subset of humanity.
And I'm going to say and,
not but, because I always
like the word and, not but.
And you and me and listeners,
it's our responsibility--
in my humble opinion--
to expand the perspective, to
start more schools like this,
to encourage people
that, maybe once
thought they wanted to go
to a formal MD program,
and they end up going into
a homeopathic MD program.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: And to encourage that
because we need more of that,
or to teach conventionally
trained MDs to collaborate
with the local homeopath
or chiropractor
or whoever, or acupuncturist.
That has to broaden.
>>REGINA: I agree.
It does.
So here, we're talking
about a specific group
of people that
appear as autistic
or appear as learning disabled.
But there is a plethora
of types of beings
that are IPs that are
struggling here where it's not
so obvious, where the
child shows up and says,
well, I don't want
to eat anything.
I know this one girl.
I won't eat anything-- she won't
do anything that isn't white.
White bread, white
noodles, milk.
She won't eat
anything with color.
And she's gone on to grow up,
have children who are healthy,
you know?
And you're thinking,
oh, my God, what's
going to happen to this
person down the road?
But let's talk about what
happens when your body can't
tolerate foods, where
kids are saying,
I don't want to go to school.
I'm bored.
I'm not learning anything there.
It's just so slow for me.
These would be more
garden-variety types
of qualities of IPs.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
I mean, we have to educate
teachers to understand this.
We have to--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>BACKMAN: We have to
stop pigeonholing people.
And sadly, and it's
not just in America.
Many countries
pigeonhole people.
And so we have to
broaden that perspective.
>>REGINA: How is this
going to happen, Linda?
I mean, who is going to go into
the education system and say,
are you aware we have
beings incarnating
from vast regions of the
universe to help out right now
and they're having trouble?
Right, that conversation
is not happening.
You're doing your part.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: You're doing
everything you can.
We're all doing each
thing as individuals.
What's it going to take before--
well, like you say,
starting a school,
making a different choice to
go into homeopathy, perhaps,
instead of allopathic.
But everyone here right now
can make decisions regarding
their loved ones,
friends, and family
in recognizing the differences.
>>BACKMAN: I mean, what pops
into my mind as you say that--
yeah, I'm going to go down
this road because that's
what my guides just-- it
brings my mind to what
we call democracy.
So what's the
foundation of democracy?
And I'm speaking
about things that I
know are going on in the higher
realm, as well as on Earth.
So what's the
foundation of democracy?
It's that every person matters.
That's really what
democracy is about.
It's like, my vote matters.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>BACKMAN: So
then-- and I happen
to be a very
politically-oriented person
in following politics,
and obviously, people
would imagine I'm quite
liberal in that respect.
We have to look at--
I mean, this may sound like
a soapbox, but it's like,
as we come up--
in any culture, if we
live in a democracy,
we're going to vote for people
that have a broad perspective.
Vote for people that are--
>>REGINA: Inclusive.
>>BACKMAN: That's right.
That's right.
That's right, because
that's where we can--
to use a phrase that's used a
lot-- make our voices heard.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, that makes perfect sense.
Just that simple distinction,
are you exclusive?
Are you excluding entire groups
of people, as a politician,
or are you inclusive?
And I think if you don't
look at a politician
any other way than
exclusive versus inclusive,
then you at least have somewhere
to go in this crazy world we're
in, as to who to support.
So thank you for that.
And I know your
husband, Earl, was
in political science, a
professor of political science.
You guys understand
how this works.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
And I might just add in,
because I have some awareness
through clients and through
intuitive information,
that the higher
realm is working on--
the way I hear it is
they're called task forces.
The higher realm, which
means a group of the higher
selves of many souls,
are coming together
to work on, I'll
call it guidance,
because the higher realm
doesn't come down here.
You can make changes down here.
I can make changes down here.
But our souls can only guide.
The higher realm is focused on
climate change and democracy
right now because
that's so crucial.
So we think about
climate change,
and then we think about IPs.
And IPs struggle with
inhalants, toxins in the air.
If we don't deal
with climate change,
then how do we aid
these advanced souls
that are coming
in, that might be
IPs, that are so sensitive
to toxins in the air?
>>REGINA: Also,
just as an overlay
to that, when we're talking
about climate change,
we're talking about,
in particular,
the things that humankind is
doing by way of pollutants.
We're talking about
putting garbage
in our water,
garbage in our air,
garbage in our food sources.
And these things are
toxic to all of humanity,
but particularly,
to sensitive souls.
And they're having an
impact on the environment.
This is not to be
discarding the notion
that our planet goes through
climate change on its own.
It goes through cyclical
warming and cooling.
So let's just put
that on the table.
We're in a crazy
period of change.
But we don't have to be adding
all of this toxic exposure
to the environment
and ourselves.
And that's really what they're
coming in to look at, right,
and to help change?
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
Exactly.
I mean, even just
this morning as I
was driving around and
listening to Sirius radio
and listening to news,
they were talking about,
there isn't as much
pushback as there--
this is obviously in
the United States.
There wasn't as much
pushback on the acceptance
of global warming in
the last year or two,
which we have to look at that.
>>REGINA: We do have to
look at it because people
don't want to change
their ways, especially
if they profit by them.
And this is about profit.
This is about poisoning
the planet for profit.
Now when we talk
about climate change
because it's so loaded with
politics and carbon tax credits
and poor countries getting
screwed in the process,
that's not what we're talking
about when we're talking
about dealing with the climate.
And in fact, the
extraterrestrial souls
that would show up from other
planets and other places,
the one thing they,
historically, for decade
after decade, before the word
climate change ever happened,
showed was, you can't keep
doing this stuff to your planet.
Little greys were showing this
to people, to tall whites,
to Venutians.
They all came with
the same message,
stop pooping on your planet.
>>BACKMAN: Right.
>>REGINA: And so you're saying
now, some of these souls
coming in are going to see to
it that we stop these practices.
That's their mission.
Good for you.
Good for everyone
that is working
toward allowing the beautiful
Earth to be her healthy self.
>>BACKMAN: Yes, and
it's a monumental task.
I mean, I've heard many
times that Earth, humanity,
is an experiment to
see if we, as humans--
that's why I focus
on souls in body.
Yes, I focus on what are our
higher selves doing as well.
But that it's you and
me and everybody else
out there that can make change.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BACKMAN: No one
else creates change.
>>REGINA: No, and there are
no ETs coming to save us.
We are them.
>>BACKMAN: That's right.
That is correct.
>>REGINA: We're all
already here to save us.
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: Linda,
we're out of time.
So any final thought
before we go,
because we have so
much more that we can
discuss in a future interview?
>>BACKMAN: I guess,
I would just say,
Regina, that, for
all of us, myself
included, if we come
upon someone, obviously
in human life, that
seems different,
that seems what we might
call unusual, think again.
And consider, who
is this person?
What is this soul
about that's in body?
And why are they here, because
we're always here with purpose.
And so that we don't judge and
inappropriately classify people
we come into contact with.
>>REGINA: And create
more isolation for them.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And the point
of, not just that,
but of ourselves,
as individuals,
that hear this
message, understanding
you're not flawed.
You're OK.
You're just wired
differently in order
to be able to be here
and do your thing.
Yeah, it might not be as fun.
Maybe you can't have ice cream
anymore because dairy is not
working, so deal with it.
But find an alternative.
And that's the point, is how
we, ourselves, can kind of take
some of the pressure off,
or how we have somehow
failed ourselves
because we're not
fitting in on one
level or another.
I think it's
important both ways.
>>BACKMAN: Look
for your purpose.
And where you find
your purpose, you're
looking at your passions.
What are you passionate about?
That leads us to our purpose.
>>REGINA: Here, here.
On that note, until next time,
thank you so much, Linda.
>>BACKMAN: Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: I hope
people have gotten
a lot out of this interview.
To learn more about Linda's work
and her book, "Souls on Earth,"
you can go to major booksellers,
or find her through her website
ravenheartcenter.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]